(Done) As a player I should be able to drive my car to NPC houses players.
    (Done) Create a car game object
    (Done) Create a image for the car (el camino or something bad ass)
    (Done) Give the car a medium sized mass
    (Done) Add police cars at every other road to make it more difficult to get to your destination.
    (Done) Drive when the player presses the 'Up' key on the keyboard
(Done) As a player I should be able to see moonshine in my car
    (Done) Attach moonshine to the car
    (Done) The moonshine is picked up from the distilery and sits in the trunk of the car
(Done) As a player I should be able to see a bar that indicates the amount of health my car has left
    (Done) Make an arrow to point at your destination
    (Done) Stretch the arrow to show how far away your destination is
(Done) As a player I should be able to know when I can drop off my moonshine
    (Done) Make a red ring around the car when you can drop off the moonshine
    (Done) Attatch the arrow to the red ring
    (Done) Color the arrow blue
(Done) As a player I should be able to adjust my angle with the mouse
    (Done) Ensure the angle cannot exceed 0 and 180 degrees relative to the car base
    (Done) When the mouse button is released swing camera back to oroiginal position
(Done) As a player I should be able to adjust my speed with the 'up' key
    (Done) Ensure the speed is limited between 0 and 130
(Done) As a player I should be able to see my car on the terrain or road
    
(Done) As a player I should be able to die when I take too much damage.
    (Done) Explode the car when its life reaches zero.
(Done) As a player I should be able to win by delivering all the moonshine in time (1-5 minutes)
    (Done) Display "<playername> wins!" for 5 seconds, where playername is the winner
(Done) As a player I should be able to play multiple rounds.
    (Done) Return the menu state after the round is over (and text is done displaying).
(Done) As a player I should be able to see explosions from police cars or my car
(Done) If a car touches anything, destroy the car
    If a car touches anything, replace it with an explosion image (like sprinkles)
(Done) Show large buttons with numbers on the menu state.
    Show as many buttons (numbered) as there are connected controllers.
(Done)As a player I should lose life as police shoot me  
(Done)Decrease life as i get shot
(Done) As a player I should be able to see a background.
    (Done) Add a pretty background